Update issue templates (#196)
ldtteam/Structurize: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/anything-else----if-you-have-something-that-does-not-fit-templates-above.md

---

> name: Anything else? - If you have something that does not fit templates above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Anything else? - If you have something that does not fit the above templates
```

Author: Edited, same reason as the dots in about blocks

> about: Please follow the given template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Please follow the given template.
```

Author: I've actually omitted the dots on purpose. It's not a paragraph but a single subtitle sentence

Reviewer: Disregard then!

title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

<!-- PLEASE DO NOT DELETE TOPICS AS YOUR ISSUE WILL GET CLOSED -->

> ### Prerequisites <!-- replace "space" with "x" for ticking the boxes -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites <!-- Replace spaces with "x" to tick boxes. -->
```

- [ ] I am running the latest **alpha** version of Structurize for my Minecraft version.

> - [ ] I checked the MineColonies/Structurize [Wiki](https://wiki.minecolonies.ldtteam.com/) and made sure that my issue is not covered there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I checked the MineColonies/Structurize [wiki](https://wiki.minecolonies.ldtteam.com/) and made sure my issue is not covered there.
```

> - [ ] I made sure that **this issue is not a duplicate of any existing issue .**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I made sure that **this issue is not a duplicate of any existing issue.**
```

> ### Context <!-- Exact version, eg: 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE, please don't just give the Minecraft version you're playing.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Context <!-- Exact Structurize version (e.g. 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE) *and* the Minecraft version you're playing, please.-->
```

Author: Removing Minecolonies as it's unrelated

- Minecraft Version:

> - Structurize Version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Structurize Version:
- MineColonies Version (if related issue):
- Related Mods and their Versions:
```

Author: Unrelated

## Problem description

> <!-- A clear and concise description of what you want to happen. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- A clear and concise description of your issue. -->
```

### Notes or related things
<!-- Everything else you would like to say -->

---
## Viewers

* Add a thumbs-up to the issue to vote for it. This helps the request become more visible to the team and doesn't clutter the comments.

> * Optionally add a comment with any insight and background you have that isn't already part of the conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a comment if you have any insights or background information that isn't already part of the conversation.
```
